[Docs] Updating Azure OpenAI tutorial docs page to add vector indexing (#27897)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/tutorials/AI/azure-openai.md

- Access to the [Azure OpenAI Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/ai-services/openai-service) resource
- The latest [Node.js version](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule)
- The latest version of [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)

> - A YugabyteDB cluster running [v2.25+](https://download.yugabyte.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A YugabyteDB cluster running [v2.25.1](https://download.yugabyte.com/) or later
```

```sh
mkdir ~/yb_docker_data

docker network create yb-network

docker run -d --name ybnode1 --hostname ybnode1 --net yb-network \
    -p 15433:15433 -p 7001:7000 -p 9001:9000 -p 5433:5433 \
    -v ~/yb_docker_data/node1:/home/yugabyte/yb_data --restart unless-stopped \

>     yugabytedb/yugabyte:2.25.2.0-b359 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    yugabytedb/yugabyte:{{< yb-version version="preview" format="build">}} \
```

    bin/yugabyted start \
    --base_dir=/home/yugabyte/yb_data --background=false

docker run -d --name ybnode2 --hostname ybnode2  --net yb-network \
    -p 15434:15433 -p 7002:7000 -p 9002:9000 -p 5434:5433 \
    -v ~/yb_docker_data/node2:/home/yugabyte/yb_data --restart unless-stopped \

>     yugabytedb/yugabyte:2.25.2.0-b359 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    yugabytedb/yugabyte:{{< yb-version version="preview" format="build">}} \
```

    bin/yugabyted start --join=ybnode1 \
    --base_dir=/home/yugabyte/yb_data --background=false
    
docker run -d --name ybnode3 --hostname ybnode3 --net yb-network \
    -p 15435:15433 -p 7003:7000 -p 9003:9000 -p 5435:5433 \
    -v ~/yb_docker_data/node3:/home/yugabyte/yb_data --restart unless-stopped \

>     yugabytedb/yugabyte:2.25.2.0-b359 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    yugabytedb/yugabyte:{{< yb-version version="preview" format="build">}} \
```

As long as the application provides a lodging recommendation service for San Francisco, you can leverage a publicly available Airbnb data set with over 7500 relevant listings:

> 1. Create the `airbnb_listing` table using [ysqlsh](../../../api/ysqlsh/) (you can use any other comparable SQL tool also):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the `airbnb_listing` table using [ysqlsh](../../../api/ysqlsh/):
```

    ```sh
    ./bin/ysqlsh -h 127.0.0.1 -p 5433 -U yugabyte -d yugabyte -f {project_dir}/sql/0_airbnb_listings.sql
    ```

1. Load the data set:

    ```sh
    ./bin/ysqlsh -h 127.0.0.1 -p 5433 -U yugabyte -c "\copy airbnb_listing from '{project_dir}/sql/sf_airbnb_listings.csv' DELIMITER ',' CSV HEADER;"
    ```

> 1. Execute the following script to enable the `pgvector` extension, add the `description_embedding` column of the vector type to the `airbnb_listing` table and create a index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute the following script to enable the `pgvector` extension, add the `description_embedding` column of the vector type to the `airbnb_listing` table, and create an index:
```

    ```sh
    ./bin/ysqlsh -h 127.0.0.1 -p 5433 -U yugabyte -c "\i {project_dir}/sql/1_airbnb_embeddings.sql"
    ```

>     The search speed gets increased by using [vector indexing](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgvector/#vector-indexing). YugabyteDB currently supports the Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) index type. This application uses cosine distance for indexing, as the backend query is using cosine similarity search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This application uses cosine distance for indexing, as the backend query is using cosine similarity search. Using [vector indexing](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgvector/#vector-indexing) improves the search speed. YugabyteDB currently supports the Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) index type in pgvector.
```

    ```sh
    cd {project_dir}/frontend

>     DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK=true npm start

Reviewer: Whst is this?

Author: Used as a workaround for this known [issue](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/issues/12304), just for the tutorial that we have.
